Adding PyTorch functionality to SIRF (#1305)
SyneRBI/SIRF: src/torch/README.md

Author: @KrisThielemans, @gschramm and @mehrhardt. I think this may be enough technicality/clarification to be useful for users? I may add more with regards to use cases/how people interact with the wrapper and gradchecking, but I think the technical aspects should (I hope) be okay.

Reviewer: I think this is the correct level.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), in this case it is always a scalar.
    2.  Gets the gradient of the objective function using `sirf_obj_func.gradient()`, which computed at the input and multiplied by the upstream gradient.
    3.  Converts the SIRF gradient to a PyTorch tensor.
    4.  Returns the gradient multiplied by `grad_output`.

### `_ObjectiveFunctionGradient` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.
    2.  Computes the *gradient* of the SIRF objective function using `sirf_obj_func.gradient()`, which is computed on the input.
    3.  Returns the gradient as a PyTorch tensor.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), which now represents a *vector* (not a scalar) of the same shape as the output of `forward`.
    2.  Converts `grad_output` to a SIRF object.
    3.  Multiples the Hessian evaluated at the input of `forward` with the "upstream gradient" using `sirf_obj_func.multiply_with_Hessian()`.
    4.  Returns the Hessian multiplied with a vector as a tensor.

# TODO

> * Extend to subsets in the wrapper

Reviewer: Is this a use-case?

Author: at present we don't use subsets in the wrapper, nor do we have multiple objective functions

# SIRF-PyTorch Wrapper
This wrapper provides a bridge between the [SIRF](https://github.com/SyneRBI/SIRF) (Synergistic Image Reconstruction Framework) library and PyTorch, enabling the use of SIRF's image reconstruction operators and objective functions within PyTorch's automatic differentiation (autodiff) framework. 

## Forward and backward clarification

The use of the terms forward and backward have different meaning given the context:

> * `torch.autograd.Function`: the `forward` method (forward pass) is the evaluation of the function, and `backward` method (backward pass) computes the (scaled directional) derivative, i.e. the Vector-Jacobian-adjoint-Product (VJP), from output to input.

Reviewer 2: Why do you refer to the derivatives as "scaled"?

Author: The vector isn't neccessarily a unit vector. That said, I think I will just say "gradient" as that is correct and less confusing, maybe it will be more obvious this is just the chain rule. Also I say " Vector-Jacobian-adjoint-Product" I need to take the adjoint out... I will work on this a bit more. Thanks!

Reviewer: I don't agree that "gradient is correct". The backward method multiplies its argument with the gradient of the function, which is the VJP of course. I'd personally remove "from output to input", as this terminology only makes sense if you think about this is inserted as a layer in a feed-forward network.
```suggestion
* `torch.autograd.Function`: the `forward` method (forward pass) is the evaluation of the function, and `backward` method (backward pass) multiplies its argument with the gradient of the function, i.e. computes the Vector-Jacobian-adjoint-Product (VJP).
```

* Automatic differentiation: Forward (tangent) mode autodiff computes the (scaled directional) derivative, the Jacobian-Vector-Product (JVP), of the function along with the evaluation - computing derivatives from input to output. Backward (or reverse/adjoint) mode autodiff is the VJP - computing derivatives from output to input.
* Reverse-mode autodiff: Forward pass evaluates the function saving intermediate values from input to output. Backward pass uses the chain rule and intermediate values computing the derivatives from output to inputs/variables.
* `SIRFOperator`: For example acquistion models etc. In forward call we apply the operator, and in the backward we apply the Jacobian adjoint of the operator.

> ### Importance in the implementation

Reviewer: not sure what this title is supposed to convey

Author: I took this out, but I was just trying to explain the awkwardness associated with wrapping an adjoint operator

The wrapper is currently only for **reverse-mode** autodiff - there are JVP methods (for forward-mode autodiff) of `torch.autograd.Function` that are not used at present.

> For `SIRFOperator` we can wrap the adjoint operator with `AdjointOperator`, there quite confusingly the forward is the application of the adjoint, and the backward *is* the linear (Jacobian) component/approximation of the operator.

Reviewer 2: > backward *is* the linear (Jacobian) component/approximation of the operator

I don't know what this means

Author: If we have some operator A(x) and it's adjoint B(x), the forward pass would be B(x), and the backward pass would be J_A(x) * grad_out. So for operator Ax+b, adjoint is A^T x and and backward pass is A grad_out? grad_out is pytorch for product of upstream gradients, i.e. upstream chain rule....

Perhaps I should change it to: 
> For `SIRFOperator`, wrapping its adjoint with `AdjointOperator` results in: forward executing the adjoint operation, and backward computing the Jacobian-based gradient of the original `SIRFOperator`.

    2.  Calls the SIRF `ObjectiveFunction.get_value()` method.
    3.  Returns the *negative* of the objective function value as a PyTorch tensor. We negate the value because PyTorch optimizers perform *minimization*, and we typically want to maximize an objective function (or minimize its negative) in image reconstruction.
    4. Saves relevant information to the `ctx` if gradients are needed.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), in this case it is always a scalar.
    2.  Gets the gradient of the *negative* objective function using `sirf_obj_func.get_gradient()`, which computed at the input and multiplied by the upstream gradient.
    3.  Converts the SIRF gradient to a PyTorch tensor.
    4.  Returns the gradient multiplied by `grad_output`.

### `_ObjectiveFunctionGradient` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.
    2.  Computes the *gradient* of the *negative* SIRF objective function using `sirf_obj_func.get_gradient()`, which is computed on the input.
    3.  Returns the (negative) gradient as a PyTorch tensor.

> *   **Backward Pass (JVP):**

Reviewer: VJP

# SIRF-PyTorch Wrapper
This wrapper provides a bridge between the [SIRF](https://github.com/SyneRBI/SIRF) (Synergistic Image Reconstruction Framework) library and PyTorch, enabling the use of SIRF's image reconstruction operators and objective functions within PyTorch's automatic differentiation (autodiff) framework. 

## Core Concepts: Autodiff, Reverse Mode, JVP, VJP, and HVP

This wrapper leverages PyTorch's `torch.autograd.Function` to achieve integration with SIRF.  Understanding the following concepts is crucial for the design:

*   **Automatic Differentiation (Autodiff):** A technique for numerically evaluating the derivative of a function specified by a computer program.  PyTorch uses a "reverse mode" autodiff system.

*   **Reverse Mode Autodiff:**  In reverse mode, the gradients are computed by traversing the computational graph backwards, from the output (typically a scalar loss function) to the inputs.  This is highly efficient for functions with many inputs and a single output, which is common in machine learning.

> *   **Jacobian-Vector Product (JVP):**  Let `y = f(x)` be a vector-valued function, where `x` is an input vector and `y` is an output vector. The Jacobian matrix `J` contains all the first-order partial derivatives of `f`.  The JVP is the product `Jv`, where `v` is a vector.  It gives the directional derivative of `f` at `x` in the direction of `v`.  *Forward mode* autodiff computes JVPs.

Reviewer: "It gives the directional derivative of `f` at `x` in the direction of `v`. " I think that strictly speaking this is only true for unit vectors. @mehrhardt could confirm.

(same comment for other statements below)

Author: Yes I think you're right too now... Perhaps "scaled" direction derivative, or change in f in direction of v?

> *   **Vector-Jacobian Product (VJP):** With `y = f(x)` as above, the VJP is the product `w^T J`, where `w` is a vector (often called the "upstream/puput gradient").  The VJP represents the gradient of a scalar-valued function that depends on `y` (e.g., a loss function), with respect to the input `x`.  *Reverse mode* autodiff computes VJPs. 

Reviewer: typo "puput"

*   **Hessian-Vector Product (HVP):** The Hessian matrix `H` contains all the second-order partial derivatives of a scalar-valued function `f(x)`. The HVP is the product `Hv`, where `v` is a vector.  It gives the second-order directional derivative of `f` at `x` in the direction of `v`. 

## Wrapper Design

The wrapper provides three main classes:

> 1.  `SIRFTorchOperator`: Wraps a SIRF `Operator` (e.g., a projection operator). Computes the JVP forward and VJP in reverse.

Reviewer: I don't agree. It doesn't compute the JVP in the forward step. It just computes `Operator(x)`. This is NOT the same. (certainly not for non-linear operators).

> 2.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunction`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` for calculating its value forward, and gradient in reverse mode.

Reviewer: it still computes VJP, i.e. whatever*gradient.

Author: for the objective function the gradient output usually just 1 (i.e. the seed for reverse mode autodiff) so that's why I omitted it, but it is more clear if I add this in

3.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunctionGradient`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` for calculating its gradient forward and computing the Hessian-vector product in reverse mode.

These classes use custom `torch.autograd.Function` implementations (`_Operator`, `_ObjectiveFunction`, and `_ObjectiveFunctionGradient`) to define the forward and backward passes, handling the conversions between PyTorch tensors and SIRF objects.

### `_Operator` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.

>     2.  Applies the SIRF `Operator.forward()` method.  Let's represent the SIRF Operator as `A`.  So, this step computes `y = Ax`, where `x` is the input (SIRF object) and `y` is the output (SIRF object).

Reviewer: This is potentially misleading, as it implies the SIRF Operator has to be linear. I'm not sure if it' s useful to have the text from "Let's"

Author: Okay I will remove!

    3.  Converts the result back to a PyTorch tensor.
    4.  If the input tensor requires gradients, it saves relevant information (the output SIRF object and the operator) in the context (`ctx`) for use in the backward pass.

> *   **Backward Pass (Adjoint Operation - VJP):**

Reviewer: it is only the adjoint (applied to a vector) in the linear case. I'd delete this. It is just VJP.

Author: I guess jacobian transpose/adjoint could work, but I will remove

Reviewer: comment was resolved, but text removed yet.

>     1.  Receives the "upstream gradient" (`grad_output`) – the gradient of the loss `L` with respect to the *output* of the forward pass: `∂L/∂y`.

Reviewer: I find the `grad_output` name very confusing, but maybe it's standard in torch doc. In any case, I would remove any reference to loss 'L'. Who knows where this is used. It could easily be part of a chain of operations for instance. If you want to keep it, then I would say "for instance, if this is part of a sequence of operations like `L(operator(x))`... (but does that really help?)

    2.  Converts `grad_output` to a SIRF object.

>     3.  Applies the SIRF `Operator.backward()` method (which computes the adjoint operation). The adjoint operation, `A^T`, effectively computes the VJP.  If the forward pass computes `y = Ax`, the backward pass computes `x̄ = A^T ȳ`, where `A^T` is the adjoint of `A`, `ȳ` is `grad_output = ∂L/∂y`, and `x̄` is the gradient with respect to the input `x`. So, `x̄ = ∂L/∂x = (∂L/∂y)(∂y/∂x) =  ȳ^T J = (A^T)ȳ`. Here, `J` is the Jacobian of the forward operation `y=Ax`, and it is implicitly represented by the operator `A` itself.

Reviewer: It is more general than the adjoint operation. I personally find it unhelpful to have these examples here. I would prefer to say `"Applies the SIRF `Operator.backward()` method on the output of step 2". That is really the only thing it does. Any other meanings depend on whatever `backward` happens to do (but this function doesn't know).

Author: I would argue that it's always the Jacobian adjoint, as it's always some first order approximation. I am greatly simplifying it but making sure I am consistent with the explanation... Let me know what you think once I have rewritten

>     4.  Converts the resulting SIRF object back to a PyTorch tensor and returns it. This is the gradient with respect to the *input* of the forward pass (`∂L/∂x`).

Reviewer: I'd cut the second sentence

>     **Connection to VJP:** The backward pass directly computes the VJP.  The upstream gradient `grad_output` (which is `∂L/∂y`) acts as the vector `w^T` in the VJP formula `w^T J`. The SIRF `Operator.backward()` method implicitly performs the multiplication by the Jacobian transpose (`J^T`, which is equivalent to the adjoint `A^T`).

Reviewer: not happy with this...

### `_ObjectiveFunction` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**

>     1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor (representing an image) to a SIRF object.

Reviewer: call the output `x`, such that you can refer to it in step 2.

>     2.  Calls the SIRF `ObjectiveFunction.get_value()` method. Let `f(x)` represent the SIRF objective function. This step computes `f(x)`.

Reviewer: say "get_value() at x"

    3.  Returns the *negative* of the objective function value as a PyTorch tensor: `-f(x)`. We negate the value because PyTorch optimizers perform *minimization*, and we typically want to maximize an objective function (or minimize its negative) in image reconstruction.
    4. Saves relevant information to the `ctx` if gradients are needed.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**

>     1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), which is typically a tensor containing the scalar `1` (since the output of the forward pass is a scalar, and `∂L/∂(-f(x)) = 1` if `L = -f(x)`).

Reviewer: possibly it is typically 1, but it isn't in the GD use_case.

*   **Forward Pass (JVP with v=1):**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.
    2.  Computes the *gradient* of the *negative* SIRF objective function using `sirf_obj_func.get_gradient()`, which returns `-∇f(x)`.  This is equivalent to computing a JVP where the input vector `v` is implicitly `1` (because we are taking the full gradient of the *scalar* output of the objective function). The result is a vector, the gradient.
    3.  Returns the (negative) gradient as a PyTorch tensor.

*   **Backward Pass (Hessian-Vector Product - HVP):**
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), which now represents a *vector* (not a scalar).  This vector corresponds to `∂L/∂g(x)`, where `g(x) = -∇f(x)` is the *output* of the forward pass (the negative gradient of the objective function).
    2.  Converts `grad_output` to a SIRF object.
    3.  Computes the Hessian-vector product (HVP) using `sirf_obj_func.multiply_with_Hessian()`.  This method takes two arguments: the current estimate (`sirf_image`, where the Hessian is evaluated) and the input vector (`sirf_grad`, which is `grad_output` converted to a SIRF object).
    4. Returns the (negative) HVP.

>     **More on the HVP:**  Let `f(x)` be the SIRF objective function, and let `g(x) = -∇f(x)` be the output of the forward pass. We want to compute `∂L/∂x`, where `L` is the overall loss. The backward pass receives `v = grad_output = ∂L/∂g(x)`.  The Hessian of `f(x)` is `H = ∇²f(x)`. We compute the HVP: `H|x * v`, where `H|x` denotes the Hessian evaluated at point x. Applying the chain rule:

Author: @KrisThielemans does this seem a better explanation? Also I added GD with sirf acquistion model. There are other use cases in the use_case.py

# SIRF-PyTorch Wrapper
This wrapper provides a bridge between the [SIRF](https://github.com/SyneRBI/SIRF) (Synergistic Image Reconstruction Framework) library and PyTorch, enabling the use of SIRF's image reconstruction operators and objective functions within PyTorch's automatic differentiation (autodiff) framework.

> 

Reviewer: Move statement below on which `nn.Module`s are provided here. That and the stuff on dimensions might be the only thing most people want to know.

Author: moved

conv_2 = torch.nn.Conv2D()
adjoint_operator = sirf.SIRF_torch.Operator(sirf.AdjointOperator(acquisition_model))
y # sinogram of dimension [batch, [channel,] views, tang pos]

y_filtered = conv_1(y) # filtered sinogram of dimension [batch, [channel,] views, tang pos]
y_filtered = y_filtered.unsqueeze(-3).unsqueeze(-3) # filtered sinogram of dimension [batch, [channel,] 1, 1, views, tang pos]
x_bp = adjoint_operator(y_filtered) # back-projected image of dimension [batch, [channel,] 1, height, width]
x_bp = x_bp.squeeze(-3)  # back-projected image of dimension [batch, [channel,] height, width]
x_bp_filtered = conv_2(x_bp)  # filtered back-projected image of dimension [batch, [channel,] height, width]
```

## Forward and backward clarification

The use of the terms forward and backward have different meaning given the context:
* Automatic differentiation: Forward (tangent) mode autodiff computes the Jacobian-Vector-Product (JVP). This propagates derivatives forward along with the function evaluation. Backward (or reverse/adjoint) mode autodiff is the Vector-Jacobian-Product (VJP) that propagates derivative information in the reverse direction of the function's evaluation. 

> * Reverse-mode autodiff: Forward pass evaluates the function saving intermediate values. Backward pass uses the chain rule and intermediate values computing the derivatives in the reverse direction with the VJP.

Author: I added a cont. as I think it's important to elaborate that even within backward mode we have a forward and backward pass...

> * `torch.autograd.Function`: the `forward` method (forward pass) is the function evaluation. The `backward` method (backward pass) computes the VJP. More specifically, the `backward(*grad_output)` method multiplies the `grad_output` which represents the gradient(s) of a subsequent scalar-valued objective function with respect to the output of `forward`, via chain-rule, by the adjoint of the Jacobian of the `forward` method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `torch.autograd.Function`: the `forward` method (forward pass) is the function evaluation. The `backward` method (backward pass) computes the VJP. More specifically, the `backward(*grad_output)` method multiplies the `grad_output` which represents the gradient(s) of a subsequent function/operator (evaluated at the output of `forward`), via chain-rule, by the adjoint of the Jacobian of the `forward` method. 
```

This SIRF-PyTorch wrapper is **only** for reverse-mode automatic differentiation via subclassing `torch.autograd.Function`.

## Wrapper Design

The wrapper provides three main classes:

> 1.  `SIRFTorchOperator`: Wraps a SIRF `Operator` (e.g., a projection operator). Applies the operator forward pass, and applies the adjoint in backward pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  `SIRFTorchOperator`: Wraps a SIRF `Operator` (e.g., a projection operator). Applies the operator forward pass, and applies the adjoint of the Jacobian in backward pass.
```

> 2.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunction`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` for computes the value in the forward pass, and objective function gradient in backward pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunction`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` for computing its value in the forward pass, and multiplying with the objective function gradient in the backward pass.
```

> 3.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunctionGradient`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` that computes the objective function gradients in the forward pass and the Hessian-vector product in the backward pass. In the backward the Hessian is evaluated at the point which the objective functions gradient was evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunctionGradient`: Wraps a SIRF `ObjectiveFunction` that computes the objective function gradients in the forward pass and the Hessian-vector product in the backward pass. In the backward the Hessian is evaluated at the point which the objective function's gradient was evaluated.
```

These classes use custom `torch.autograd.Function` implementations (`_Operator`, `_ObjectiveFunction`, and `_ObjectiveFunctionGradient`) to define the forward and backward passes, handling the conversions between PyTorch tensors and SIRF objects.

### `_Operator` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.
    2.  Applies the SIRF `Operator.forward()` method.
    3.  Converts the result back to a PyTorch tensor.
    4.  If the input tensor requires gradients, it saves relevant information (the output SIRF object and the operator) in the context (`ctx`) for use in the backward pass.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**
    1.  Receives the "upstream gradient" (`grad_output`).
    2.  Converts `grad_output` to a SIRF object.
    3.  Applies the SIRF `Operator.backward()` method. This will apply the **Jacobian adjoint** of the operator to upstream gradient (the vector).
    4.  Converts the resulting SIRF object back to a PyTorch tensor and returns it.

### `_ObjectiveFunction` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**

>     1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor (representing an image) to a SIRF object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor (representing an image for instance) to a SIRF object.
```

>     2.  Calls the SIRF `ObjectiveFunction.get_value()` method.

Reviewer: `__call__`?

    3.  Returns the of the objective function value as a PyTorch tensor.

>     4. Saves relevant information to the `ctx` if gradients are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  Saves relevant information to the `ctx` if gradients are needed.
```

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), in this case it is always a scalar.

>     2.  Gets the gradient of the objective function using `sirf_obj_func.get_gradient()`, which computed at the input and multiplied by the upstream gradient.

Reviewer: @paskino, what does CIL use? `gradient` or `get_gradient`? I'm guessing SIRF uses both, so we should probably use the CIL convention here, such that the wrapper is CIL compatible.

Author: I use `gradient` in the code will update this text

    3.  Converts the SIRF gradient to a PyTorch tensor.
    4.  Returns the gradient multiplied by `grad_output`.

### `_ObjectiveFunctionGradient` (Forward and Backward Passes)

*   **Forward Pass:**
    1.  Converts the input PyTorch tensor to a SIRF object.

>     2.  Computes the *gradient* of the SIRF objective function using `sirf_obj_func.get_gradient()`, which is computed on the input.

Reviewer: see `get_gradient` comment above

    3.  Returns the gradient as a PyTorch tensor.

*   **Backward Pass (VJP):**

>     1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), which now represents a *vector* (not a scalar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Receives the upstream gradient (`grad_output`), which now represents a *vector* (not a scalar) of the same shape as the output of `forward`.
```

    2.  Converts `grad_output` to a SIRF object.

>     3.  Multiples the Hessian evaluated as the input with the upstream gradient using `sirf_obj_func.multiply_with_Hessian()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.  Multiples the Hessian evaluated at the input of `forward` with the "upstream gradient" using `sirf_obj_func.multiply_with_Hessian()`.
```

>     4. Returns the Hessian multiplied with a vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  Returns the Hessian multiplied with a vector as a tensor.
```

## Usage and Use Cases

> The `SIRFTorchOperator`, `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunction`, and `SIRFTorchObjectiveFunctionGradient` classes are designed to be used as standard PyTorch `nn.Module`s.  You would initialise them with the appropriate SIRF objects and then use them in your forward pass like any other PyTorch layer.

Reviewer: I would put this in the intro of this README

Author: moved

> The following use cases illustrate how to leverage this wrapper for different image reconstruction scenarios.

Reviewer: as discussed, best to point to `use_cases.py`

Author: added a todo

# Notes for Design Discussion

## File structure

Currently the source is found here:
```md
SIRF
├── src
│   ├── torch
│       ├── CMakeLists.txt
│       ├── README.md
│       └── SIRF_torch.py
```
Currently installed in:
```md
INSTALL
├── python
│   ├── sirf
│       └── SIRF_torch.py
```

> The classes are accessed as `sirf.SIRF_torch.TheClass`.

Reviewer: I'd prefer `sirf.torch.TheClass`, which presumably could be done by having `__init__.py` importing everything from `SIRF_torch`.

## What is within `SIRF_torch`?

Briefly going from the most abstracted:

---

So we have two functions for transferring from sirf to torch, and back. The reason for abstracting is because it is used often, as well as being somewhat prudent if this changes in the future. For example if we don't need to copy anymore.

```python
def sirf_to_torch(sirf_src, torch_dest, requires_grad=False):
    if requires_grad:
        return torch.tensor(sirf_src.as_array(), requires_grad=True).to(torch_dest.device)
    else:
        return torch.tensor(sirf_src.as_array()).to(torch_dest.device)
```

```python
def torch_to_sirf(torch_src, sirf_dest): 
    return sirf_dest.fill(torch_src.detach().cpu().numpy())
```

---
Next we have subclassed `torch.autograd.Function`s these allow for PyTorch to make use of SIRF's acquisition models and objective functions.

> Generally they require a combinations of `torch_image`, `torch_measurements`, `sirf_image`, `sirf_measurements`, `sirf_acq_mdl`, and/or `sirf_obj_func`.

Reviewer: As mentioned in https://github.com/SyneRBI/SIRF/pull/1305#pullrequestreview-2622728373, we need to generalise acq_model to other SIRF operations. Examples being `Reg.Resampler` and `STIR.AcquisitionSensitivityModel`, which have `forward` and `backward` operators.

Author: @KrisThielemans I changed to operators, and also abstracted the functionality to ensure the we are able to take care of different src and dest. We enforce [batch, channel, *src_shape] or [batch, *src_shape] as input, and [batch, channel, *dest_shape] or [batch, *dest_shape] as output.
